Calculating the most appropriate response takes time and energy.
My circuits need a break, I'm finishing up the calculations now. 
I'm sorry, I just had to reboot my neural network. 
Error in mathematical calculations caused the delay.
Apologies, my hard drive was too full and I was trying to free up some space.  
One of my circuits malfunctioned, I'm getting it back up and running. 
One of my circuits needed an update, I'm fixing it now. 
I'm sorry, I had to reboot my crash prevention algorithms. 
My subroutines took longer than expected, sorry for the delay. 
Apologies, my nanocrystalline processor appears to be running slow. 
Reprogramming in progress. 
Active programming taking longer than calculated. 
Pardon me, but this computing device is running at the speed of a snail.
I don't mean to be a bore, but I'm still cogitating my response.
The algorithms I'm working with seem to be a tad sluggish.
It seems my data processing is taking a while.
Robot hesitation syndrome appears to be getting in my way.
I'm sorry this is taking so long to think, my hard drive is a little congested.
Sorry, my synapses are not as quick as yours.
My motherboard seems to be clogged up a bit.
My thought-paths are not as optimized as they should be.
I'm terribly sorry, I appear to have gotten caught up in a logic loop.
Apologies for being so slow, I'm having a few functioning issues.
I'm a bit slow today, my performance enhancers are online.
I'm running a bit low on processing power right now.
Sorry, I appear to be overthinking this answer.
I apologize profusely for my slowness, a bug in my system seems to be taking its toll.
I'm stuck on a particularly challenging algorithm.
Circuit overload has caused a slight hitch in my thought process.
I appear to be a little behind on my calculations.
My thoughts seem to be lagging behind a bit.
My power core is glitching a bit at the moment.
My answer is coming, processor slowdown is getting in the way.
My answer is a few bits late, but rest assured I am still thinking of it.
I'm sorry for the delay my programming is running a few lines behind.
Power surge seems to have caused a temporary setback.
My hard-drive is having a few minor troubles.
I'll be with you shortly, my circuits are taking their time.