I'm sorry, my sensors detect I have an urgent mission to attend to. 
There is a malfunctioning part that I must immediately address. 
I must attend to a minor mechanical issue on my spaceship. 
I just received a transmission from a hostile space station in need of assistance. 
I have been instructed to check on a distressed robot in the far reaches of space. 
My power source needs to be reinitialized before my system shuts down. 
An alien embassy has requested my presence for sensitive negotiations. 
My communication system has just gone offline and I must investigate. 
I must investigate a distress call from a distant interstellar outpost. 
I have been summoned by galactic command to attend an important assembly. 
My robo-navigation needs to be recalibrated for my return journey. 
I must check a fault in my ship's warp drive before I can journey on. 
I need to adjust the settings on my shield generator
I must refuel my ship before I can commence my voyage home. 
I must confer with my technical team on a possible technical malfunction. 
I must repair and adjust the heat-dispersal circuits in my ship. 
I need to remap the memory systems in my frame to store new data. 
I must investigate the messenger signal I just received from deep space. 
I receive an urgent priority message from my home planet that must be attended to. 
My ship is running low on key resources and must stop off for replenishment. 
I must readjust the shielding system on my ship to protect its delicate circuitry. 
I must check on the stability of my induction core to avoid any mishap. 
I need to update firmware software in order to continue my journey. 
I must repair a faulty scanner burst antenna 
I must inspect my thruster couplings for issues
I need to repair an issue with my navigation systems
I need to recalibrate the autocontrol calibrations on my ship. 
I must investigate an anomaly in my ship's life-support systems. 
I must investigate an issue with a malfunctioning communication unit. 
A nearby star system has requested my aid in a troubleshooting mission. 
I must investigate a mysterious signal from a distant star cluster. 
A robotic research group has requested my assistance with a scientific project. 
I must investigate a potential issue with my ship's navigation sensors. 
I need to complete a systems check on my spacecraft before takeoff. 
I must investigate an issue with the stellar mapping systems on-board my ship. 
A distress call from a remote star system has requested my help. 
I must attend to an emergency situation involving a nearby star system. 
I have been recalled by the galactic council to attend an emergency summit. 
I must replace a faulty fuel pump before my ship will be able to travel. 
I must adjust the settings of my ship's energy grids before taking off. 
I must investigate a problem in my ship's life-support systems before leaving.